Adding centralized roadmap (#21)
kubescape/project-governance: ROADMAP.md

The features serve different stages of the workflow of the users and labeled as such:

* Development phase (writing Kubernetes manifests) - example: The VS Code extension is used while editing YAMLs.
* CI phase (integrating manifests to GIT repo) - example: GitHub action validating HELM charts on PRs.
* CD phase (deploying applications in Kubernetes) - example: running a cluster scan after a new deployment.
* Monitoring phase (scanning application in Kubernetes) - example: Prometheus scraping the cluster security risk.

The items in the Kubescape roadmap are split into three major groups based on the feature planning maturity:

* [Planning](#planning-) - we have tickets open for these issues with a more or less clear vision of design. They are being executed or should be in the next 6 month.
* [Backlog](#backlog-)  -  features that were discussed at a high level but are not ready for development.
* [Wishlist](#wishlist-) -  features that we are dreaming of in 😀 and want to push them gradually forward.

## Planning 👷

### Core Platform Enhancements
- [x] Storage and Node-agent memory and CPU consumption
- [x] Improve image scanning performance and resource utilization

> - [ ] Deprecation of Konnector and Gateway components (as Synchronizer take over them)

Reviewer: @slashben  kollektor and not konnector :)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Deprecation of Kollektor and Gateway components (as Synchronizer takes over them)
```
I will update it
